---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "logtail_collector Data Source - terraform-provider-logtail"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This Data Source allows you to look up existing Collectors by name.
---

# logtail_collector (Data Source)

This Data Source allows you to look up existing Collectors by name.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of this collector.

### Read-Only

- `configuration` (List of Object) Configuration settings for the collector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `created_at` (String) The time when this collector was created.
- `custom_bucket` (List of Object) Optional custom bucket configuration for the collector. Once set, it cannot be removed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_bucket))
- `data_region` (String) Data region or private cluster name to create the collector in.
- `databases` (List of Object) Database connections for the collector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--databases))
- `databases_count` (Number) The number of database connections configured for this collector.
- `enable_http_basic_auth` (Boolean) Enable HTTP Basic Authentication for the collector proxy.
- `hosts_count` (Number) The number of hosts connected to this collector.
- `hosts_up_count` (Number) The number of hosts currently online.
- `http_basic_auth_password` (String, Sensitive) Password for HTTP Basic Authentication. This value is write-only and never returned by the API.
- `http_basic_auth_username` (String) Username for HTTP Basic Authentication.
- `id` (String) The ID of this collector.
- `logs_retention` (Number) Data retention for logs in days. There might be additional charges for longer retention.
- `metrics_retention` (Number) Data retention for metrics in days. There might be additional charges for longer retention.
- `note` (String) A description or note about this collector.
- `pinged_at` (String) The time when this collector last received data.
- `platform` (String) The platform of this collector. This value can be set only when creating a new collector and cannot be changed later. Valid values are: `docker`, `swarm`, `kubernetes`, `proxy`.
- `secret` (String, Sensitive) The secret token used to authenticate collector hosts.
- `status` (String) The current status of this collector.
- `team_id` (String) The team ID for this resource.
- `team_name` (String) Used to specify the team the resource should be created in when using global tokens.
- `updated_at` (String) The time when this collector was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Read-Only:

- `collector_components` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--configuration--collector_components))
- `enable_ssl_certificate` (Boolean)
- `logs_sample_rate` (Number)
- `monitoring_options` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--configuration--monitoring_options))
- `ssl_certificate_host` (String)
- `traces_sample_rate` (Number)
- `transformation` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--configuration--collector_components"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.collector_components`

Read-Only:

- `beyla` (Boolean)
- `beyla_basic` (Boolean)
- `beyla_full` (Boolean)
- `cluster_agent` (Boolean)
- `collector_internal` (Boolean)
- `host_logs` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedobjatt--configuration--monitoring_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.monitoring_options`

Read-Only:

- `apache_metrics` (Boolean)
- `collector_kubernetes` (Boolean)
- `docker_json_file` (Boolean)
- `nginx_metrics` (Boolean)



<a id="nestedatt--custom_bucket"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_bucket`

Read-Only:

- `access_key_id` (String)
- `endpoint` (String)
- `keep_data_after_retention` (Boolean)
- `name` (String)
- `secret_access_key` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--databases"></a>
### Nested Schema for `databases`

Read-Only:

- `host` (String)
- `id` (Number)
- `password` (String)
- `port` (Number)
- `service_type` (String)
- `ssl_mode` (String)
- `tls` (String)
- `username` (String)
