---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "logtail_exploration Data Source - terraform-provider-logtail"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This data source allows you to get information about an Exploration in Better Stack Telemetry.
---

# logtail_exploration (Data Source)

This data source allows you to get information about an Exploration in Better Stack Telemetry.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of this exploration.

### Read-Only

- `chart` (List of Object) The chart configuration for this exploration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--chart))
- `created_at` (String) The time when this exploration was created.
- `date_range_from` (String) The start of the date range (e.g., 'now-3h', 'now-24h').
- `date_range_to` (String) The end of the date range (e.g., 'now').
- `exploration_group_id` (Number) The ID of the exploration group this exploration belongs to. Use 0 to remove from group.
- `id` (String) The ID of this exploration.
- `query` (List of Object) The queries for this exploration. At least one query is required. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--query))
- `team_name` (String) Used to specify the team the resource should be created in when using global tokens.
- `updated_at` (String) The time when this exploration was updated.
- `variable` (List of Object) Variables for this exploration. Default variables (time, start_time, end_time, source) are auto-created. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--variable))

<a id="nestedatt--chart"></a>
### Nested Schema for `chart`

Read-Only:

- `chart_type` (String)
- `description` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `settings` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--query"></a>
### Nested Schema for `query`

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number)
- `name` (String)
- `query_type` (String)
- `source_variable` (String)
- `sql_query` (String)
- `static_text` (String)
- `where_condition` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--variable"></a>
### Nested Schema for `variable`

Read-Only:

- `default_values` (List of String)
- `name` (String)
- `sql_definition` (String)
- `values` (List of String)
- `variable_type` (String)
