---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "logtail_source Data Source - terraform-provider-logtail"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This Data Source allows you to look up existing Sources using their table name. The table name is shown on the Source settings page on telemetry.betterstack.com or you can list all your existing sources via the Sources API https://betterstack.com/docs/logs/api/list-all-existing-sources/.
---

# logtail_source (Data Source)

This Data Source allows you to look up existing Sources using their table name. The table name is shown on the Source settings page on telemetry.betterstack.com or you can list all your existing sources via the [Sources API](https://betterstack.com/docs/logs/api/list-all-existing-sources/).



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `table_name` (String) The table name generated for this source.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The time when this monitor group was created.
- `custom_bucket` (List of Object) Optional custom bucket configuration for the source. When provided, all fields (name, endpoint, access_key_id, secret_access_key) are required. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_bucket))
- `data_region` (String) Data region or private cluster name to create the source in. Permitted values for most plans are: `us_east`, `us_west`, `germany`, `singapore`.
- `id` (String) The ID of this source.
- `ingesting_host` (String) The host where the logs or metrics should be sent. See [documentation](https://betterstack.com/docs/logs/start/) for your specific source platform for details.
- `ingesting_paused` (Boolean) This property allows you to temporarily pause data ingesting for this source (e.g., when you are reaching your plan's usage quota and you want to prioritize some sources over others).
- `live_tail_pattern` (String) Freeform text template for formatting Live tail output with columns wrapped in {column} brackets. Example: "PID: {message_json.pid} {level} {message}"
- `logs_retention` (Number) Data retention for logs in days. There might be additional charges for longer retention.
- `metrics_retention` (Number) Data retention for metrics in days. There might be additional charges for longer retention.
- `name` (String) The name of this source.
- `platform` (String) The platform of this source. This value can be set only when you're creating a new source. You can't update this value later. Valid values are:
    - `apache2`
    - `aws`
    - `aws_cloudwatch`
    - `aws_ecs`
    - `aws_elb`
    - `aws_fargate`
    - `azure_logs`
    - `cloudflare_logpush`
    - `cloudflare_worker`
    - `datadog_agent`
    - `digitalocean`
    - `docker`
    - `dokku`
    - `dotnet`
    - `elasticsearch`
    - `erlang`
    - `filebeat`
    - `flights`
    - `fluentbit`
    - `fluentd`
    - `fly_io`
    - `go`
    - `google_cloud_pubsub`
    - `haproxy`
    - `heroku`
    - `http`
    - `java`
    - `javascript`
    - `kubernetes`
    - `logstash`
    - `minio`
    - `mongodb`
    - `mysql`
    - `nginx`
    - `open_telemetry`
    - `php`
    - `postgresql`
    - `prometheus`
    - `prometheus_scrape`
    - `python`
    - `rabbitmq`
    - `redis`
    - `render`
    - `rsyslog`
    - `ruby`
    - `syslog-ng`
    - `traefik`
    - `ubuntu`
    - `vector`
    - `vercel_integration`
- `scrape_frequency_secs` (Number) For scrape platform types, how often to scrape the URLs.
- `scrape_request_basic_auth_password` (String, Sensitive) Basic auth password for scraping.
- `scrape_request_basic_auth_user` (String) Basic auth username for scraping.
- `scrape_request_headers` (List of Map of String) An array of request headers, each containing `name` and `value` fields.
- `scrape_urls` (List of String) For scrape platform types, the set of urls to scrape.
- `source_group_id` (Number) The ID of the source group this source belongs to.
- `team_id` (String) The team ID for this resource. Can be used with table_name in [Query API](https://betterstack.com/docs/logs/query-api/connect-remotely/).
- `team_name` (String) Used to specify the team the resource should be created in when using global tokens.
- `token` (String) The token of this source. This token is used to identify and route the data you will send to Better Stack.
- `updated_at` (String) The time when this monitor group was updated.
- `vrl_transformation` (String) The VRL code that's used to transform events. Read more about [VRL transformations](https://betterstack.com/docs/logs/using-logtail/transforming-ingested-data/logs-vrl/).

<a id="nestedatt--custom_bucket"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_bucket`

Read-Only:

- `access_key_id` (String)
- `endpoint` (String)
- `keep_data_after_retention` (Boolean)
- `name` (String)
- `secret_access_key` (String)
