---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "logtail_connection Resource - terraform-provider-logtail"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource allows you to create and manage ClickHouse connections for remote querying. For more information about the Connection API check https://betterstack.com/docs/logs/api/connections/
---

# logtail_connection (Resource)

This resource allows you to create and manage ClickHouse connections for remote querying. For more information about the Connection API check https://betterstack.com/docs/logs/api/connections/



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `client_type` (String) Type of client connection. Currently only `clickhouse` is supported.

### Optional

- `data_region` (String) Data region or private cluster name. Permitted values: `us_east`, `germany`, `singapore`.
- `ip_allowlist` (List of String) Array of IP addresses or CIDR ranges that are allowed to use this connection.
- `note` (String) A descriptive note for the connection.
- `team_ids` (List of Number) Array of team IDs to associate with the connection. Only one of `team_names` or `team_ids` should be provided.
- `team_names` (List of String) Array of team names to associate with the connection. Only one of `team_names` or `team_ids` should be provided.
- `valid_until` (String) ISO 8601 timestamp when the connection expires.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The time when this connection was created.
- `created_by` (Map of String) Information about the user who created this connection.
- `data_sources` (List of Object) List of available data sources for this connection. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data_sources))
- `host` (String) The connection hostname.
- `id` (String) The ID of this connection.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The connection password. Only available immediately after creation.
- `port` (Number) The connection port.
- `sample_query` (String) A sample query showing how to use this connection.
- `username` (String) The connection username.

<a id="nestedatt--data_sources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data_sources`

Read-Only:

- `data_sources` (List of String)
- `source_id` (Number)
- `source_name` (String)
- `team_name` (String)
