---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "logtail_warehouse_time_series Resource - terraform-provider-logtail"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Create time series tables in Better Stack Warehouse for storing and analyzing time-based data. Define schema with various data types for operational data, user behavior metrics, or business analytics. Learn more https://betterstack.com/docs/warehouse/start/.
---

# logtail_warehouse_time_series (Resource)

Create time series tables in Better Stack Warehouse for storing and analyzing time-based data. Define schema with various data types for operational data, user behavior metrics, or business analytics. [Learn more](https://betterstack.com/docs/warehouse/start/).



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the time series. Must contain only letters, numbers, and underscores.
- `source_id` (String) The ID of the Warehouse source to create the time series for.
- `sql_expression` (String) The SQL expression used to compute the time series. For example `JSONExtract(raw, 'response_time', 'Nullable(Float64)')`.
- `type` (String) The data type of the time series. Valid types are: `string`, `string_low_cardinality`, `int64_delta`, `int64`, `uint64_delta`, `uint64`, `float64_delta`, `datetime64_delta`, `boolean`, `array_bfloat16`, `array_float32`

### Optional

- `aggregations` (List of String) An array of aggregation functions (e.g., `avg`, `min`, `max`). If omitted, no aggregations are applied.
- `expression_index` (String) The type of vector index to apply (e.g., `vector_similarity`). Only applicable for vector types (`array_bfloat16`, `array_float32`).
- `vector_dimension` (Number) The vector dimension if `expression_index` is `vector_similarity` (e.g., `512`). Supported values: 256, 384, 512, 768, 1024, 1536, 3072, 4096, 10752.
- `vector_distance_function` (String) The distance function to use for vector similarity (e.g., `cosine`, `l2`).

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this time series.
